Start some merging docs (#2702)
msupply-foundation/open-msupply: server/repository/src/merging.md

    }
    some_table {
        id String
        name_link_id String
    }
    name {
        id String
    }
    name_link {
        id String
        nameId String
    }
    name_link ||--|| name: nameId
    name_link ||--o{ invoice: name_link_id
    name_link ||--o{ some_table: name_link_id
```

<!-- Link creation -->

Links are created along with the entities they point to.
The initial id of a link is always the same as the entity id it points to, e.g.:

```rust
NameLink: {id: "new_name_id", name_id: "new_name_id"}
```

<!-- Merging links -->

When two entities are merged all link rows which point to the soft deleted entity needs to be updated to point to the new entity.
For example, when merging `"old_id"` into `"kept_name_id"`:

```rust
NameLink {id: "old_id", name_id: "old_id"}
NameLink {id: "previously_merged", name_id: "old_id"}
NameLink {id: "kept_name_id", name_id: "kept_name_id"}
```

becomes

```rust
NameLink {id: "old_id", name_id: "kept_name_id"}
NameLink {id: "previously_merged", name_id: "kept_name_id"}
NameLink {id: "kept_name_id", name_id: "kept_name_id"}
```

and all three links point to the same `"kept_name_id"`.

<!-- Links are repo only -->

> In the code reference to the link tables should be confined to the repository layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code base, references to the link tables should be confined to the repository layer.
```

For example, querying an entity in the service layer must be done by `name_id` rather than by `name_link_id`.
Internally, the repository looks up all `name_links` which match the `name_id` and then uses these `name_links` to do the query.
Note, if a merge happened while the service layer still uses the id of the soft deleted entity, a query using this id will return nothing because there will be no links pointing to this old id.

<!-- However, updating a name_id is done using the row.name_link_id -->

When updating an entity of a data row the link fields of the repository objects are used, e.g. `row.name_link_id = "New name id"`.
This works because current entity has a matching link entry with the same id, e.g `name_link.id = name_id`.

> While this can be fully hidden in the repository layer this would require another `upsert` data structure which contains the entity id instead of the link id.

Reviewer: I think an example here would be good, I'm having trouble conceptualising the point of this section without one and I wrote half the code heh. An outbound shipment probably the most easy case. Maybe if I'm not too unhinged:

```
For example, when creating an outbound shipment you should use `invoice.name_link_id = customer_name.id`. `customer_name.id` is guaranteed to have a corresponding `name_link_id`. For existing shipments you should **not** update `invoice.name_link_id` to the returned related name entity's `name.id`, even if it may be different. Any difference is due to a merge having occurred, and updating the `name_link_id` would undermine a design goal of potentially being able to "unmerge" entities. 
```

Author: Thanks added this and rearranged it slightly
